SDLC: - software development life cycle  
It is standard procedure to develop new software It has different stages like

> RECUIREMENT 
> FEASIBILITY STUDY 
> DESIGN 
> CODING 
> TESTING 
> MAINTANANCE

REQUIRMENT COLLECTION: -

It is nothing but collection of requirements from customer’s place. it is done by business analyst or product analyst
where in BA will go to customers place and collect the requirement in the business language and convert into software 
language and explain the requirement to developer, test engineer, project manager, architect etc. this process is called 
requirement collection.
Here BA acts like bridge between customers and IT companies.

FEASIBILITY STUDY : 

Once after the requirement collection is completed then only, we go for feasibility study. This is done by team which 
consist of project manager, BA, Architect, Finance team and HR team
This is the stage where company will decide whether to take up the project or not and if we take up the project company
will check do we have sufficient resources, sufficient technology and sufficient lab set ups.
This is the stage where company will get to know if they take up the project do they get profit or not

Roles of Project manager: Project manager will interact with Architect, BA, Finance officer and HR team and gather the information 
and then PM will decide to take up the project or not.

Roles of Architect : Architect will think from technical point of view and he will decide technology is it possible to 
implement the project or not, if yes which technology should be followed all these decisions will be taken by Architect

Role of Finance team: Finance team will think from money point of view, they will see how much should be invested and what 
is the operational cost and we invest money do we get profit or not

Role of HR  : HR team will think from resource point of view. they will think how many experience engineers and freshers
 should be hired to work on the project

DESIGN :
 Once after the feasibility study is completed then we go for design phase. It is done by architect.
►	There are 2 types of design

1.	High level design (HLD).


2.	Low level design (LLD).

HLD   : The design of Architecture of project. It is done by Senior Architect.
LLD   : The detailed design of smallest feature is called as LLD. It’s done by senior developer.

CODING : 
It is nothing but writing the programmes. It is done by development engineers where in they implement the software according 
to the Specification, Customer Requirement.

TESTING :
once after coding is completed the next phase is testing. It is done by test engineers, here testers will start testing the 
application according to the customers requirement specification in order to find the defects in the software is called as Testing.

MAINTANANCE :
Once after the Software is installed Customer will the start to use the Software and own run the business, while using the software.
Its customers face any problem or issue then Company will fix the problem or defects for free and reset the defect and give new Software 
to the Customer freely for a period of 6 months to 1 year depending on the agreement between the customer and the company. this phase is 
called as maintenance.



